The Soul Gate opens up into a massive chamber made of steel. With many steel doors leading away.
Eventually the party will make it to a room with windows, which look out onto space, and the heroes can see havenfall and the planet below.
Later the party will get to the Bridge, where there will be an alarm sounding and red lights flashing. A warning message in ForgottenSpeech will appear showing the "Soul Shield Not Detected. Position Not Hidden." Another message will appear saying, "Ark Shield remains active. Return to Ark is Highly Recommended".
After some digging, ancient records can be found and it is revealed that the Ark is the largest ship ever built. 1000 times larger than the next biggest.
The Ark systems show many systems are damaged.
The Ark Core is a round sphere which has 12 sockets in it (8 are the shape of the Shards). This appears to power the ship. The Core can recharge over time, but high use drains it. The core can be recharged faster by absorbing starlight.
There also is a 3d printer, which was last set to build 8 sailing ships.

Figuring out the controls, you can move the portal to wherever you want. Takes a little bit of time to move it (a few hours).

There is also a Map. The Map is tracking four named objects (in order of closest to farthest): Warrak, Lutrak, Gadrak, Rakrak. Rakrak is residing on a place simply called Earth.

There are notes that tell of a Star that the Raks, Ells, and Sos molded into what they called the Fallen Star. Raks then used it to gain immortality and immense power through mass human sacrifice. The Ells built the Ark and captained the ship. The Ells and Sos fled with many of the surviving humans (although many were left behind because they could not fit). Many losses happened along the way until the Sos developed the Ark Shield which hid lifesigns from the Rak.

The ship seemed to travel for decades hidden and waiting for long range sensors to find a habitable planet. Internal conflict ensued on board and more people died and more systems were damaged. It seemed the Raks' influence still could reach the minds of people through the shield, but were not able to divine a location unless the Shield was shutdown. The Ells and Sos were able to prevail on the inner conflict, but they were also getting old. However, sensors finally discovered an undiscovered planet and the strange part was that the planet had alien life. The ship altered course and proceeded at full speed, in order to arrive before Rak ships were in sensor range to detect the life there.

There, the Els and Sos trapped their own Souls into Shards to errect the Soul Shield. The only way to do it was for it the Shield to be placed on the planet and use the Ship's Fallen Star Core via the TeleGate (aka The Soul Gate), which sealed the ship. They allowed the Gate to be reopened in case the Raks figured out a way to infiltrate the soul shield.

The Ark has spent the last 5000 years searching for replacement parts for broken systems.

There are logs where the Els and Sos discuss possible solutions. Reports keep coming in showing the massive loss of human life in the colonies. The only solution to win the war is to slay the Raks and then destroy the Shard which are embedded in their thrones before they respawn. But they were not strong enough to do that, so they had to run.
