Chase

Have the Pursued start a distrance in front of the Pursuers by a number equal to their movement speed (The Chase Distance).
During a turn:
  First all the Pursued run (order by Initiative Bonus).
  Then all the Pursuers chase (order by Initiative Bonus).

Turn Structure:
  [Optional] At the start of the chase, pick or roll (DM picks dice to roll) to determine the number of turns until the chase concludes at a specific location (like for an ambush or a prepared getaway).

  At the start of a turn before anyone has gone, roll on the Obstacle Table and Obstacle Difficulty.

  Then have the Pursued decide to either take the obstacle penalty or attempt a skill check to bypass.
    Skill Check depends on the Obstacle Type and Obstacle Difficulty:
      Passes: Ignore Object Penalty
      Fails: Double Object Penalty
    Increase their Chase Distance by their movement speed - obstacle penalty.
  Repeat for the Pursuers.

  Obstacle Table
    1   Straightaway
    2   Straightaway
    3   Squeeze or Crowd or Low Hanging Branch / Pipe / Rock
    4   Wall or Debris Pile
    5   Door
    6   Blast of Extreme Temperature
    7   Maze-like Route
    8   Major Obstacle [Probably will need to make a skill check]

  Obstacle Difficulty
    1   Easy       10
    2   Medium     15
    3   Hard       20
    4   Very Hard  25

  Obstacle Type
    Penalty (unless otherwise noted): 5 * Difficulty Option ft.
    Skills can be changed to match what the PCs do. Adjust DC accordingly.

    Straightaway:
      Difficulty: Inclines, Steps, Sand
      Penalty: 5 * (Difficulty Option - 1) ft.
      Skill: Athletics
    Squeeze or Crowd or Low Hanging Branch:
      Difficulty: Gap Width, Branch Height
      Skill: Acrobatics, (Charisma skills vs crowds)
    Wall or Debris Pile:
      Difficulty: Wall Height / Slipperyness
      Skill: Acrobatics, Athletics
    Door:
      Difficulty: Door Thinkness / Doorknob Quality
      Skill: Constitution, Lockpick, (related skill when a prestidigitation / druidcraft / etc. is used to open door)
    Blast or Extreme Temperature:
      Difficulty: The Extremeness
      Skill: Constitution, Acrobatics, (related skill when a prestidigitation / druidcraft / etc. is used)
    Maze-like Route:
      Difficulty: How confusing the layout is
      Skill: Survival, Investigation
    Major Obstacle:
      You must make a skill check to cross (unless Long Jump / High Jump etc. is good enough)
      Difficulty: Long Gap, High Slippery Wall, Trap
      Penalty:
        No Skill Check: You move 0 ft.
        Skill Check:
          Critical Failure: 5ft. Barely passed obstacle and must make another skill check next turn or get assisted.
            Chance of Death (from failing 2nd skill check). Or took damage somehow.
          Fail: 1/2 Movement Speed
          Success: Movement Speed
          Critical Success: Can help someone who failed so it's as if they succeeded (or crit fail to normal fail)
      Skill: Varies
