The Twelve / The Dozen / The Duadecad (Formal)

Good
  Lionell  M   Light     Fire     Winter  January     Fights Undead / Devils / Demons. Most Paladins.
  Ordell   M   Order     Stone    Spring  April       Maintains the Walls
  Sennell  M   Strength  Swords   Summer  June        Fighter School
  Dunell   F   Duty      Rope     Autumn  September   Archery School

Neutral
  Naso     F   Nature    Flowers  Spring  February    Local Druid Circle
  Lyso     F   Life      Food     Summer  May         Maintains the Hospital
  Doso     M   Death     Skulls   Autumn  October     Funerals and Resurrections
  Tuso     M   Truth     Eyes     Winter  November    University Administration

Evil
  Lutrak   F   Lust      Organs   Spring  March
  Warrak   M   War       Blood    Summer  July
  Gadrak   F   Greed     Gold     Autumn  August
  Rakrak   F   Ruin      Ash      Winter  December


Proper Duadecadian:
  Mostly followed by Humans of the Central Realms
  Lionell leads the Good Pantheon and his allies of the Neutral Pantheon against Rakrak who leads the Evil Pantheon.

Suthon Duadecadian:
  Mostly followed by Suthoners
  Same as Proper Duadecadian except Ordell is the leader.

Borskian Duadecadian:
  Mostly followed by Borskians
  Same as Proper Duadecadian except Sennel is the leader.

Victorian Duadecadian:
  Mostly followed by Victorians
  Same as Proper Duadecadian except Dunel is the leader.

Orthodox Duadecadian:
  Mostly followed by the Old Races (except Gnomes). The Old Races were converted during the Age of Arrival.
  However in their beleif, the Gods are not categorized as Good, Neutral, or Evil. Instead the Gods belong to three seperate families: Ell, So, Rak.
  You see Temples dedicated to the Raks in their lands, which the more religious humans view as Evil behavior.

The Immortal Cult:
  An ancient group that worshipers the four Evil Gods. Rapists, murderers, thieves, and other wicked men are drawn to this group.
  Little is known about them other than its literal cut-throat culture and has always been ruled by The Council of Four.
  During the reign of Alexander XIII, the actions of the cult resulted in the decade long historical event known as the Shame of Swanland, when Swanland's human residents gave birth to the first Tieflings. The Shame of Swanland was simply a byproduct of the cults true purpose of acquiring the power of immortality. Alexander XIII and the SwanKing of the time discovered the cult, its purpose, and hunted them to extinction (or so they thought). And repeatedly, various Kings have discovered and wiped out many an immortal cult. But in time, the cult always manages to rear its ugly head again somewhere else.

Ki:
  Mostly followed by Gnomes and Monks.
  Ki is the power within oneself.

Tribal Beliefs:
  Many tribes are Duadecadian, many worship some nameless god or force, many worship and serve some powerful being.
