Age Before Man (> 5000 years ago)
  The Old Races of Havenfall lived in peace during this time without quarrel over land or resources. Or so they claim, since no one from that time has lived for over five thousand years. And the recovered texts from that time were damaged beyond decipherability. However, the Priests of Tuso have used the scraps to develop a basic understanding of Oldtongue.

Age of Arrival (5000 - 4000 years ago)
  Five thousand years ago Man wrecked onto Havenfall. The legends say a thousand ships embarked on a voyage that would last a year. Only eight survived the journey before crashing onto the land. The Old Races pitied the Humans and gifted the refuges the land near their shipwrecks. For a thousand years the Humans grew and flourished in their new homes. The wrecks grew into the first eight cities. Human priests even proselytized the Old Races to convert from their nameless gods to the Duadecad.

Age of Conquest (4000 - 3000 years ago)
  Humans grow faster than the Old Races. Only after a hundred years since Arrival, we began caravaning East into the Wilds to claim new homesteads. After five hundred years, we were straining against the gifted borders and overspilling into the lands of the Old Races. And after a thousand years, we violantly burst forth. Then for the next thousand years, Humans systematically conquered or displaced many of the Old Races.

Age of War (3000 - 2000 years ago)
  New Human cities sprung up as land was aquired during the thousand years of conquest. These grew and soon began to rival the first cities in size. And as the final battles of conquest were being fought, the first Human war errupted. And spread to all corners of the realm of Humans. Many cities burned to the ground including the first eight whose locations are now forgotten. New Kingdoms rose and fell during this time of Chaos.
  The infighting among Humans stagnated the war with the Old Races. Humans during this time failed to claim additional land from the Old Races. The Old Races were also weakened by their own infighting during this time and failed to reclaim any of their lost territory.
  Many libraries burned during this time and vast amounts of knowledge was lost.

Age of Man (2000 years ago until present)
  On the Dawn of the first day of year 1. Alexander I was crowned Emperor by the Old and New Families of Alexandria. His first act was renaming the city Alexandria. His second was a march to war which he led using the famouse sword, Firelight, which can burst into flame. Within 10 years, Alexander I had established the largest Realm to have existed. Alexander I halted his armies and called a Council of all Leaders of all Races. The Council resulted in the sigining of Pax Alexandria which established the borders of the world today. And no war was fought for the rest of Alexander I's life.
  After his death, war slowly crept back into the minds of Men. However, these wars did not last more than a few years at most and always concluded with minor change to the status quo.
  It should be noted that the Pax Alexandria has largely been maintained by the forced exile of dangerous criminals to the Tribelands as well as mass encouragement from the Human Realms for their citizens to claim their manifest destiny by settling the Tribelands. But over the years, more and more Outlanders have been returning to Civilization. Now the rate of Influx is almost equal to the rate of Outflux.
  Alexandria has been ruled by the descendents of Alexander I for two millenia.

Present Day (2018)
  Alexandria is ruled by Alexander LXIX. Alexander LXIX took the throne at a young age due to his parents dying in a fire aboard the Alexandrian Flagship, Alessandra, on their way to meet the Royals of Estella with an offer of betrothal. Alexander LXIX now wields Firelight, although rumors say he fails to light the sword ablaze, and has been thrown into what some people are calling the darkest days since the Age of War. And what others are saying is the Beginning of the End.
  Alexandria faces struggles internally. Alexander LXIX is facing resistance to his rule from upstart Nobles. Swift bandit clans have been staying one step ahead of the Alexandrian Rangers. Alexandrian Army Generals bicker amongst themselves and are deaf to Alexander LXIX's appeasements. Corruption in the Alexandrian City Guards is also at an all time high.
  Tensions are also high between the realms. The Kings of the Western Realms of Fleurance, Puremark, and Gertria are embroiled in the bloodiest war since the last age, with the victor claiming the Princess of Estella as a bride. Queen Eliza of Victoria has been staring daggers at the Diplomat from the High Elvish Realm, Tiranel. The King of Suthon calls for Tattered Cloaks to venture past the Golden Desert into the Serpent Jungles. The King of Swanland has closed his borders. The King of Borskia mumbles of a stolen treasure on his deathbed.

Age of Ruin (Prophesized End of Times)
  Soil is Ash
  Land now Barren
  Reign of Ruin
