The Inhabitants of Havenfall rely heavily on the services provided by Tattered Cloaks. Tattered Cloaks are persons for hire who come from a multitude of backgrounds and are of varrying morality. Tattered Cloaks are asked to perform a multitude of tasks like rat catching, protection, treasure hunting, exploration, pathfinding, assasinations, princess rescuing, kitten punting, and much more.
You play as a Tattered Cloak, heading towards Alexandria, the Grandest City ever built. You along with a few other Tattered Cloaks follow a guide name Guy. Guy is also a Tattered Cloak and knows a more strenuous but shorter route to Alexandria than the main road. Late Afternoon, the backpath you follow merges with a larger road, opposite a small inn, Best Buddies' Bed & Breakfast. Your guide tells you are ahead of schedule but it is still another days journey to Alexandria, so shelter will be taken here for the evening. Best Buddies' Bed & Breakfast is run by an old couple, Baldwin and Barbara, who are well acquainted with Guy. The fee for the room and board were included in the fee you paid Guy. The Inn has three guest rooms, and Guy tells you all to take a long rest after hiking all morning.

----------------------------------------

Medium Magic Campaign. Most common people do not have magical powers. Magical Items are rare in society.
Gunpowder Firearms and Cannons exist although mostly experimental.

----------------------------------------

Alexandria, the Grandest City Ever Built, is the Capitol of Alexandria, the Largest Realm of All Time, on the continent of Havenfall.

----------------------------------------

The 8 Feudal Realms of Men:
  The Central Realms:
    Alexandria (Roman-Esque) [Alexander (Keeper of Fire and Bastion of Light against Eternal Ruin)]
      The land ruled By Alexander LXIX is currently facing internal strife and a crumbling 2000 year old Pax Alexandria.
      Capitol: Alexandria
      Major Cities: Dohton, Macintyre, Broomend, Buiwell
    Fleurance (Frenchies) [FlowerKing]
      Fighting in the War of Suitors. Although strange because even though their King has no heirs, he is already married.
      Capitol: Lissaille
    Puremark (Denmarkian) [PureKing]
      Fighting in the War of Suitors. Has five male heirs. The eldest three are already married.
      Capitol: Greenhagen
    Gertria (Germany + Austria) [FirstKing]
      Fighting in the War of Suitors. The King is unmarried.
      Capitol: Firden
    Estella (Spain-like) [LastKing]
      The land is set to be inherieted by the current King's only child, the Princess. His search for an acceptable Suitor is widly advertised.
      Capitol: Leesalona
    Swanland (Switzzle) [SwanKing]
      This country is also the birthplace of Tieflings so has the highest population of Tieflings.
      The King has closed his borders and rumors whisper the King is a member of the Immortal Cult.
      Swanland is built on top of the ruins of a Dwarven Kingdom.
      Capitol: Wineeva
  Victoria (Definitly not the UK) [Queen]
    An island that has always been ruled by a Queen. And the only human feudal realm to be matriarchial.
    Relations with the nearby High Elves of Tiranel are at an all time low.
    Capitol: Foxhill
  Suthon (Ottomanish) [GoldKing]
    The southern most realm. Its entire southern border is the Golden Desert.
    The King has offered large rewards to adventurers brave enough to venture past the Golden Desert into the Serpent Jungles.
    Capitol: Damastinople
  Borskia (RUSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSIA) [WildKing]
    The northern most realm. The King lies on his deathbed and speaks of Stolen Treasure.
    Capitol: Kazalgrad

The Realms of Elves:
  Elven realms are ruled by a matriarchial council with one member from each of the twelve most powerful Elvish Nobles.
  Tiranel (The Wind City)
    The last High Elf City. The city's island is protected by a magical forcefield called Hallanel (the Wind Curtain) which was constructed by the elves a couple centuries into the Age of Conquest.
    Other than only a few extremely rare exceptions, only Elves are allowed into to pass the forecfield into the city.
    Relations with Victoria are at an all time low.
  Foramil (The Honey Forest)
    One of the two forests claimed by Wood Elves.
    Has a long standing alliance with the Halflings of Halfham and the Dwarves of Dunbein.
    Recently, it has become dangerous to travel in the Honey Forest. Caravans are found shredded, torn, and bloody. The only signs of the caravans' occupants are the pools of blood, chunks of meat, and chewed bones nearby. 
  Foraglas (The Green Forest)
    The other of the two forests claimed by Wood Elves.
    Recent border disputes between the Elves and the Dwarves of Dunnoc has resulted in a standoff between their two armies.

The Realms of Dwarves:
  Dwarven realms hold a Kingmoot to elect a new King when the old King dies. Anyone can enter the moot.
  Dunbein (Dwarven Under Nation of Bein)
    Due to the alliance with the Elves of Foramil and the Halflings of Halfham, Dunbein is the last surviving Mountain Dwarf realm.
    The realm is built entirely under the Misty Mountains. The realm is comproised of a single city connected by dwarven made tunnels to trading outposts along the borders of the Misty Mountains.
    Dwarves snort at the notion of Alexandria being the grandest city ever built. Since their city is bigger, however only the upper four levels are inhabited. The city reached its deepest depth of level 420 during the Age of Arrival, but has been in decline since the Age of Conquest. Although the pace of decline slowed with the Pax Alexandria, every century the Dunbein Deep Guard is still forced to retreat its Deep Base up a level.
    In order to reinforce the dwindling Deep Gurad, the MountainKing is hiring Tattered Cloaks to travel into the lower levels to slay beasts and rewarding them with treasure maps to old Dwarven Treasurys.
  Dunnoc (Dwarven Under Nation of Noc)
    The Hill Dwarf Realm of Dunnoc is a third of the size it used to be before the Age of Conquest.
    Unlike Dunbein, Dunnoc is spread out with many smaller dwarven cities which are built under The Farrow Hills. These are all connected by Dwarven made tunnels.
    Recent border disputes between the Elves of Foraglas and the Dwarves has resulted in a standoff between their two armies.

Halfham, The Halfling Realm
  Stout Halflings remained independent during the Age of Conquest thanks to alliance with the Elves of Foramil and the Dwarves of Dunbein. Halfham practices a form of democracy (Mayors and a Governor) and has remained in relative since the Pax Alexandria. Other than flares up of internal corruption that comes with democracy, Halfham is doing well.

The Realms of Gnomes:
  Gnomes are anarchists.
  Crystal Lake
    Rock Gnomes inhabit Crystal Lake which is in the middle of the Misty Mountains and is connected to Dunbein via a single and surprisingly hard-to-find tunnel. The Crystal Monestary is located here.
  Mushroom Meadow
    Forest Gnomes Mushroom Meadow which is in the middle of the Green Forest but few seem to actually find the place when looking for it. The Mushroom Monestary is located here.

World's End:
  An Impassable Mountain Range that runs North to South on the Eastern Edge of the Known World.
  Any settlement on or into the mountain has met some demise either hours after its founding or decades.
  When a Dragon comes to the land, it flies from the other side of World's End.

The Cursed Land:
  Undead roam this land and of the few people who enter this land alive, even fewer leave alive.
  Tiradramh (The Black City) is the ruined city of what was once the High Elven city called Tiragloine (The Glass City). It is nestled against World's End and is commonly beleived to be the epicenter of the doom that befell this land during the Age of War. Speculated the High Elves' greed and desire to defeat the Humans led them down the path which resulted in this doom. No one has returned after venturing into these ruins.

Tribelands (Not Civilization) (Lands inhabited by all races organized tribally. Monsters roam these lands.):
  Winterlands
    North. It is always winter here.
  The Wilds
    East. Like the Wild West, but like East...
  Golden Desert
    South. Lots of sand.

----------------------------------------

Some additional detail about the races.

Humans, once refuguess, are now the dominant race. (Virtually Everywhere)
  Humans can be found living everywhere.
  Humans can always be found living in the Realms of the Old Races.
  Human settlers are all over the Tribelands.

Dwarves (Common)
  Mountain Dwarfs tend to have large, low-hanging and sometimes braided or knotted beards (even the women). The typical weapon of choice is a hammer or pickaxe (warpick).
  Hill Dwarfs maintain short well-kept beards (even the women) and wield axes or polearms.
  Duragar are the remnants of the Mountain and Hill Dwarves forced to flee into the Underdark during the Age of Conquest. And the descendents of the Dwarves who have had enough of this "PAX" Alexandria. They live in the Underdark and are super bald with gray skin and unkept white beards. They are grimly-determined and easy-to-wroth utilitarian slavers. Many have whips.

Elves (Common)
  High Elves tend to be black or silver haired. Many are good at magic. They prefer metal armor.
  Wood Elves tend to be brown or red or blonde haired. Many are good at archery. They prefer leather armor.
  Drow Elves are the High Elves who survived the destruction of Tiragloine. Forced out of their home and rejected as refugees by their fellow Old Races because of the Doom and killed onsite by the warring Humans, the High Elves fled into the Underdark.
  Millenias in the Underdark and a burning hatred for others morphed the High Elves into what are now known as the Drow. The Drow do send raiding parties to the surface as if to remind everyone of their endless hatred.

Halflings (Common)
  All halflings tend to be curly haired. Stout halflings tend to be more martial, and Lightfoots tend to be wittier.
  Lightfoot Halflings were quickly conquered during the Age of Conquest. Many fled to Halfham and the protection of the Stout Halflings, and formed new communities in the hills there. Most of the conquered communities managed to survive the two millenia of war by not getting too involved with that nonsense. Halfling communities tend to stick to themselves but will put up a fight if a human noble thinks he can take advantage and raise the taxes really high.

Dragonborn (Familiar)
  Dragons can take human-form (only Human, not any of the Old Races). In human-form, Dragons can mate with Humans (only Humans, can bang the Old Races but no baby). After a Female Dragon has finished mating with Humans, the Dragon will return to dragon-form and lay eggs (the number depends on how many times she has been fertilized) which will hatch into half-dragons.
  When a Male dragon mates with a Human, the Human will give birth to a Dragonborn. Dragonborns also come from Dragonborn-Dragonborn relationships. Dragonborn-Human relationships also always result in more Dragonborns. Dragonborn-Other relationships result in miscarriage (99.9% repeating).
  Dragonborn tribes exist in the Tribelands.
  Dragonborns do face discrimination because of the nature of their existence and by the person who does not like to be reminded of the dragon who turned his village and family to ash.

Half-Elves (Familiar)
  Half-Elves have been around since the Age of Arrival.
  Half-Elves age slower than humans but faster than elves, so they don't fit in. Many wander the roads, many find homes in the Tribelands, and many just deal with it. Some even become diplomats.
  There are a handful of well-known Half-Elf Tribes in the Tribelands.

Half-Orcs (Familiar)
  Half-Orcs have been around since the Age of Arrival but only in the Tribelands. It was not until the Pax Alexandria did they start immigrating to Civilization.
  Half-Orcs age faster than humans but slower than orcs, so they don't fit in. Many wander roads, many find homes in the Tribelands, and many just deal with it. None ever become diplomats.
  Half-Orcs are heavily discriminated against because they are half Orc and Orcs are mean. Many of the first generations to immigrate were usually thought to be Orcs and chased away or killed.

Tieflings (Familiar)
  The first Tieflings were born from Human parents during the Shame of Swanland. As a byproduct of an Immortal Cult's ritual to discover the secret of immortality, all the babies born in Swanland during the decade (Ten years passed before Alexander XIII and the SwanKing uncovered and put an end to the ritual) were Tieflings. Tieflings are born from parents who are Tiefling-Tielfing or Tiefling-Human. Tiefling-Other results in miscarriage (99.9% repeating).
  Tieflings are heavily discriminated against because they look like demons and devils.
  Tieflings come in four colors and Humans have assigned their cursed heritage based on that.
  Blue - Gadrak
  Purple - Lutrak
  Red - Warrak
  Black - Rakrak

Gnomes (Rare)
  Gnomes are very reclusive. Alaxnder I was probably the first Human to ever shake hands with a gnome. Most Humans did not even realize they existed even though Gnomes took part in the Wars. It wasn't until the reign of Alexander IV whose travel companions included a Gnome, did Humans start beleiving Gnomes were real. Most Gnomes are practicioners of Ki.
  Rock Gnomes tend to be clean shaven or have waxed moustachers that curl up at the end and are usually sporting some sort of magical or technologic equipment that they have been tinkering with.
  Forest Gnomes tend to have bushy beards and wear a tall, pointed hat.

Firbolgs (Rare)
  Firebolgs are an Ancient Race that live in the forests of the Tribelands. Most still worship nameless gods. Firbolgs have inhabited the Wild Forests since forever according to their verbal history. Proud of their homes, Firbolgs will defend their land against those who wish to desecrate it. A repeat offender are the Kenku who come and begin to ruin the land, so Firbolgs rise to push out the parasites. Most Firbolgs do not stray far from their homes. The ones that do are usually either exiles, outcasts, or weirdos. Occasionaly, some vision prompts the travel.

Goliaths (Rare)
  Goliaths are an Ancient Race. Goliath tribes are the only tribes which live on the Mountains of World's End. Constantly moving to find fresh animal heards and to stay away from the large groups of monstrosities that roam World's End. Most still worship nameless gods or serve some powerful monster. Goliath tribes do not venture far into World's End (The Tribes that do, are not heard from again besides from a rare survivor who makes it back). Goliath culture embraces raiding other cultures for new treasures, valuables, rarities, or sometimes just for fun.

Kenku (Rare)
  A Beast Race that inhabits the Tribelands. Most still worship nameless gods or serve some powerful monster. They also believe they were cursed by some god which is why they cannot fly nor speak properly.
  Kenku are always trying to find a more comfortable place to perch their tribe. The best spots seem to be in the Wild Forests, but the Firbolgs keep saying they can't and they don't ask too nicely about it.
  Kenku have a reputation of pilfering shiny or valuable items for themselves. Other races, and even other Kenku, have a hard time trusting a Kenku.

Lizardfolk (Rare)
  A Beast Race that inhabits the swamps, bogs, or some place with a bit of water in the Tribelands. Lizardfolk are very practical. For instance the fresh meat of a recently slain enemy or comrade should not go to waste. Due to their practical nature, to worship is the same as to serve. Lizardfolk religiously protect and follow their tribal leaders. And most will quickly loyally serve a more powerful entity that has defeated their old leader or proved his might.

Tabaxi (Rare)
  A Beast Race that inhabits the Tribelands. Worship? Why? Tabaxi are usually Atheist (like the, "What's the point of that?" kind). Tabaxi tribes are fluid. They form in response to dangers and threats, then disband during times of peace. Tabaxi like to wander and explore, probably due to their high curiousity.

Aasimar (Rarer)
  Aasimar are born from Human parents. They are essentially Humans who are born with a Blessing from one of the Duadecad. The few Aasimar in the history scrolls are well documented, because the Priests of the Temples become very excited with the presence of an Aasimar.

Tritons (Rarer)
  Tritons live on the ocean floor. Most people have no idea what a Triton is. Triton society is structured around war. They have been fighting a war at the bottom of the sea for the last 5000 years. The enemy spews forth from dark trenches in the seafloor in an endless stream. Their writen history does not explain why they fight or reveal who they fight against, but it can tell you the details of every battle fought. For five millenia, Tritons have held the line. Now dire times are ahead, for new cracks grow out across the ocean floor, slowly widening the trenches and hastening the flow of the infinite enemy.
  Tritons do not leave their homes unless they have been exiled as consequence for a massive failure of their own doing. Most exiles dive deep into the trenches to find a secret to end the war. A few exiles instead choose to travel the surface world looking for information to end the war. No exile has ever returned, and the war continues. 
  Tritons are Atheist (like the "Never heard of these, what you call 'Gods', before" kind, not the "I reject your faith kind.")

Half-**** (Rarest)
  Humans are able to mate with every race. When the other races attempt to mate together result in miscarriage (99.9% repeating).
  But other than Half-Elves and Half-Orcs. These Half races are extremely rare.

----------------------------------------

Some additional detail about Dragons.

Dragons
  There's no such thing as a good Dragon. They make their lairs wherever they want. They fill their lairs with gold because gold is the softest. They always need more gold. They take jewels because jewels smell the best. They take other valuables for decoration. Dragons like to play with their food. Humans are the most fun, but what type of Dragon would turn down another race.
  Female Dragons are worse because they are surrounded by Half-Dragons and Dragon Wyrmlings.

Half-Dragons
  Dragons can take human-form (only Human, not any of the Old Races). In human-form, Dragons can mate with Humans (only Humans, can bang the Old Races but no baby). When a Male dragon mates with a Human, the Human will give birth to a Dragonborn.
  After a Female Dragon has finished mating with Humans, the Dragon will return to dragon-form and lay eggs (the number depends on how many times she has been fertilized) which will hatch into half-dragons. Half-Dragons are infertile.
  Half-Dragons are loyal to their Mother until their death. If a Half-Dragons mother dies first, the Half-Dragon will seek out all responsible for her death. After all responsible are dead, the Half-Dragon will continue to seek vegence by slaying all the close relatives of the responsible party. Then, the Half-Dragon will slay everyone.

----------------------------------------

Some additional detail about Languages.

Familiar:
  Common
  Dwarvish
  Elvish
  Giant
  Gnomish
  Goblin
  Halfling
  Orc

Exotic:
  Abyssal
  Celestial
  Draconic
  Deep Speech
  Infernal
  Primordial
  Sylvan
  Undercommon

----------------------------------------

Classes:

Barbarian:
  Usually come from the tribal lands.

Bard:
  Trained on the road or at a Bard College. There's a Bard College of each School in Alexandria.

Cleric:
  Every Temple of the Duadecad has Clerics.

Druid:
  A forest usually has at least one Druid Circle presence.

Fighers:
  Most Tattered Cloaks are Fighters. Fighters comes from all parts of life.

Monk:
  Monastaries are at Crystal Lake and Mushroom Meadow. Although not all Monks come from Monasteries.

Paladin:
  Every Temple of the Duadecad has Paladins.

Ranger:
  Many Tattered Cloaks are Rangers.

Rogue:
  Many Tattered Cloaks are Rogues.

Sorcerer:
  Some join the University, but most choose the Tattered Cloak Life.
  Draconic Ancestry results from surviving a dragon attack or being in close proximity of a dragon for an extended period of time (even when the dragon is in human form) (months or years).
  Wild Magic usually occurs during critical, emotional, clutch, important, dangerous, or stressful situations (remind the DM).

Warlock:
  Many join the University, and some choose the Tattered Cloak Life.
  After you choose your otherwordly patron type, work with the DM to form their identity.
  Some Warlock Patrons have been Lutrak (Archfey), Warrak (Fiend), Rarkrak (The Great Old One), Gadrak(Any).
    Those Warlocks were Evil (does not mean you have to be, but just the world history).
    Most of these worshipped Gadrak.
  The less educated frown upon Warlocks because of those Warlocks. Due to this, many Warlocks tell others they do not trust that they are Sorcerers or Wizards.

Wizard:
  The most populus spellcasters in Alexandria because of the University.
  Most study at the University, but a miniscule number choose the Tattered Cloak Life (usually dropouts).
