Paladin Level 16
STR   DEX   CON   INT   WIS   CHA
 18    10    16     9    12    20
 +4     0    +3    -1    +1    +5

Disadvantage: Stealth
Proficiencies: WIS(+6) CHA(+10) Insight(+6) Religion(+4)

HP: 148
AC: 20: Plate + Shield

Holy Symbol: Emblem of Lionnell

Longsword +2:
  Attack: +11
  Damage: 1d8 + 6 Slash
Mace +2:
  Attack: +11
  Damage: 1d6 + 6 Bludgeoning

Divine Sense: [(1 + CHA Modifier) Per Long Rest]
  Until end of your next turn
  you know the location of any Celestial, Fiend or Undead
  within 60ft of you and is not behind total cover.
  You know the monster type of any being whose presence you sense, but not its identity
  Also within the radius,
  you detect the presence of any place or object that has been consecreated or desecrated
  as with the Hallow spell.
Lay On Hands:
  HP Healing Pool: Paladin LVL * 5
  As an action, can touch a creature to heal (using healing healing pool points)
  No effect on undead or constructs
Fighting Style: Protection
  When a creature you can see attacks a target other than you within 5 feet of you
  and you are wielding a shield,
  then you can use your reaction to impose disadvantage on the attack roll.
Divine Smite:
  When you hit a creature with a melee weapon attack,
  you can expend one paladin spell slot to deal additional radiant damage
  2d8 damage for 1st-level spell slot
  plus 1d8 for each spell level higher
  to a maximum of 5d8.
  Damage increases by 1d8 if the target is undead or a fiend.
Divine Health: Immune to disease.
Sacred Oath: Oath of Devotion
  Channel Divinity:
    Sacred Weapon:
      As an action, imbue one weapon with positive energy
      For 1 minute, add CHA modifier to attack rolls made with imbued weapon
      Weapon emits bright light in 20ft radius. and dim light 20ft further.
      Weapon becomes magical if not already magical.
    Turn the Unholy:
      Present your holy symbol and speak a prayer censuring fiends and undead
      Each fiend or undead that can see or hear you within 30ft must make a WIS saving throw
      If failed, it is turned for 1 min or until it takes damage
      Turned creature must spend its turns dashing as far away from you as it can
      and cannot willing move to space within 30ft of you
      and cannot take reactions.
      If there is nowhere for the creature to move, it can Dodge.
  Aura of Devotion: you and friendly creatures within 10 ft of you cannot be charmed while you are concious
  Purity of Spirit: You are always under the effects of Protection From Evil And Good
Extra Attack: 2 attacks are made during the attack action
Aura of Protection:
  Whenever you or a friendly creature within 30ft
  make a saving throw,
  the creature adds your CHA modifier to the saving throw.
  You must be concious for this aura.
Aura of Courage: You and friendly creatures within 30ft can't be frightened while you are conscious.
Improved Divine Smite:
  Whenever you hit a creature with a melee weapon, the creature takes an extra 1d8 radiant damage. If you also use Divine Smite with an attack, you add this damage to the extra damage of Divine Smite.
Cleansing Touch: [(CHA Modifier) Per Long Rest]
  You can use your action to end one spell on yoursel for or on one willing creature that you touch.

Spellcasting:
    1st  2nd  3rd  4th  5th
     4    3    3    2
  Attack: +10
  Save DC: 18
  Oath Spells:
    Protection from Evil and Good
    Sanctuary
    Lesser Restoration
    Zone of Truth
    Beacon of Hope
    Dispel Magic
    Freedom of Movement
    Guardian of Faith
  Prepared Spells: 13
    Branding Smite
    Compelled Duel
    Divine Favor
    Shield of Faith
    Revivify
    Crusader's Mantle
    Daylight
    Blinding Smite
    Remove Curse
    Staggering Smite
    Death Ward
    Aura of Life
    Banishment

Items:
  1 Supreme Healing Potion
  1 Scroll: Level 4: Dimension Door 