Black Pudding   MM 241
Awakened Armors MM 19
Flying Swords   MM 20
Kuo-Toa         MM 199
Kuo-Toa Whip    MM 200
Water Hag       MM 179

----------------------------------------

Reggie stops by the PCs Inn.
Reggie has deciphered the map that was stolen. It was not exactly a map, but a description of a location.
  However, the place reminded him of recent Tattered Cloak Exploration Log he read in a course about the Sunken City at the University. Further research confirmed his suspicions, and he asks the group to go this location and retrieve a Clear Crystal Eye from a glass box on a marble platform in a middle of a pool.
  This pool is now the lair of a Water Hag. As a reward the party can keep the entirity of the Water Hag's Treasure Hoard. Because Monster Lairs always have a treasure hoard.
  His bargaining chip is the map to the treasure hord, which he will not give them unless they agree to his deal. The map shows a path to what's called the Stagnant Pond, a 50 mile journey. When convinced [DC 8] to give more details, Reggie will tell them the Tattered Cloak ran after he saw a Kuo-Toa patrol.

The Sunken City is formed from the skeletons of decrepid buildings. Sinking land thats prone to Earthquakes collapses large swaths of lands, taking buildings down with them. Caverns and tunnel systems either formed from the wreckage or carved out by the dark inhabitants that call this place home. Most of the caverns are heavily interconnected by the tunnels, but the collapsing terrain causes old tunnels to collapse and new tunnels to form. Maps don't remain correct for long, but they are still helpful.

Travel [38 Miles | 38] through the Sunken City until the party reaches a point on the map, which to a 5ft tunnel which was carved out long ago by some clawed creature. This area seems settled and is not really affected by the collapsing landscape.

5ft Tunnel continues for [2 Miles | 40]

----------------------------------------

Black Fountain
  [Black Pudding MM 241]
  The 10ft tunnel exits opens into what used to be a garden, only the marble paths and statues remain but all the grass has died and only dirt remains. It is 20ft wide. 60ft down is a circular fountain with a 5ft radius in the center oozing tar from its top. The garden extends on for another 60ft past the fountain and seems to open up onto an old street.
  [Perception DC 15] Reveals the tar forms small pseudopods which grip onto the marble then it seems to pull itself down.
  If the group does not stealth or the Black Pudding's 8 Passive Perception detects their Stealth, the Black Pudding will notice and actively attempt to perceive. It will wait for the characters to move within 5ft so it can make an opportunity attack. If the characters retreat, it will actively pursue to the best of its abilities. It the characters stand still for too long, it will attack.

The Garden opens up onto a sunken street. Collapsed storefronts line the side, it is a larger cavern but only continues straight in one direction. The Group Travels [2 Miles | 42] until the map tells them they must find a shop with a tunnel exiting out the shop's back.

----------------------------------------

[Investigate DC 15] Otherwise an 1 hour is spent until the party finds the right storefront.

Allie's Awakened Armory
  [2 Awakened Armors, 4 Flying Swords MM 19-20]
  This strange store looks like it used to sell armor and swords. Most of the swords have tumbled to the ground, and armors lay in pieces on the floor. But thare are still 2 armors standing intact and 4 swords on the wall. Another 5ft clawed out tunnel exits out its back.
  If they start to move the armor 5ft away from its display rack, then a metallic robot voice from the armor, "DO NOT MOVE MERCHANDISE AWAY FROM DEMO AREA OR YOU WILL BE CONSIDERED A BUGLAR"
  If they search then [Investigate DC 5]: a safe is hidden under some rumble on the side of the shop with an individual treasure inside. There is a magical trap on the safe which must be dispelled. If the trap is triggered, then an Alarm spell goes audibly off. Then a metallic robot voice will emit from the standing armors, "BURGLARY DETECTED! STEP AWAY FROM THE SAFE AND RETURN ALL MERCHANDISE!""Allie's Awakened Armory! Never pay for a guard again, just buy this awesome armor!""TWO WARNINGS REMAING".
  If the players attack or leave the 5ft demo radius, the Armor will activate will also activate on the first turn of combat.

The 5ft tunnel soon opens up onto a larger tunnel, one that is not clawed out but naturally formed. The natural covern is also very straight with few branching paths. This continues on for [6 Miles | 48].

----------------------------------------

Fish Patrol
  [2 Kuo-Toa MM 199]
  As the party is moving through the tunnel, they will hear two voices speaking Undercommon approaching.
    "I hope we find some salvagable wood on patrol today."
    "Why's that?"
    "I've been carving this sculptures for God. I think God likes them."
  The two voices are revealed to be Kuo-Toa.
  If the party remains hides, the patrol will pass by.
  If the patrol notices them, they will tell them to GET OUT in Undercommon and point the opposite direction.
  If combat ensues, the fish will attempt to flee. The tunnel ahead twists and turns with slippery wet sections, narrow squeezes, rock piles, and loose round pebbles on the ground that act like ball bearings. There are long drops which the fish jump down, instead of climb down to save time etc. If the Fish Escape, then they will warn the others and an ambush will be setup on the 1st floor of the Mansion (half of the Kuo-Toa will hide in debris piles on the second floor)
  The Kuo-Toa weapons are made from recovered debris and sharpened stone.

The tunnel continues on for another [2 Miles | 50], the debris wall shows signs of heavy scavenging.

----------------------------------------

Fish Mansion
  [6 Kuo-Toa, 1 Kuo-Toa Whip with Max Health MM 199-200]
  The tunnel continues down until it opens up into a cavern. The collapsing debris has formed a large cavern here. 10ft below the tunnel opening is the rooftop of a 3 story mansion (60ft tall). The cavern's wall runs down until it the merges with the roof. A rope ladder runs from the opening onto the rooftop. The majority of the cavern's floor is taken up by a brown body of water interupted with piles of debris, rotting plants, piles of bones, massive patches of slimey black algae. You can now smell a terrible odor emanates from below: The stench of the Stagnant Swamp. There is a hole going into the attic on the far end of the roof.

  Kuo-Toa inhabit this mansion 
    Once the alarm has been raised (by yelling "Intruders" in undercommon), all the fish in the mansion run to defend against the intruders.
    It takes a full turn of dashing to climb from one floor to another.
  Rooftop/Attic
    [2 Kuo-Toa MM 199]
    If the party sneak across the roof and peak into the hole
      They will see Kuo-Toa making spears and nets out of recovered debris here.
    If they don't sneak
      The party's heavy, non-fish like footsteps on the roof will give them away.
      The ones in the attic pickup their weapons and listen to the footsteps to follow where the party goes.
      They ready their attacks to trigger if they can see an enemy (like one who sticks his head into the hole (3/4 cover) to look around or just drops into the hole).
  The Third Floor seem to be places used as bedrooms.
    [2 Kuo-Toa MM 199]
    If unalerted, they are sleeping.
  The Second Floor seems to be where they ate and used the bathroom.
    [2 Kuo-Toa MM 199]
    If unalerted, one is eating and the other is pooping.
  The First Floor
    [1 Kuo-Toa Whip with Max Health MM 200]
    If unalerted, meditating in front of the altar. 
    This floor is covered with 1 foot murky water making it Difficult Terrain.
    There is an altar that lies next to a smashed open doorframe which leads out to the Stagnant Pond. The altar is covered in rotting fish, plants, and creepy, disgusting scultures carved from wood.

----------------------------------------

The Stagnant Pond
  [1 Water Hag MM 179]
  [2 Kuo-Toa Whips MM 200]

  There are marble statues and inactive marble fountains littering this area. You can see it may have been very elegant during its day. Now the statues have been clawed and broken in places. Blood smears their surfaces and Seaweed is drapped on their heads like hair.
  A foot of dark water covers this area, making it difficult terrain.
  Scattered about are 5 foot wide holes hidden by the water and are revealed by Perception DC 20.
    The holes are openings to underwater tunnels than all seem to link together.
    The water hag and her minions know how to navigate these underwater tunnels.
    The holes all lead to an underwater chamber which is the Hag's Lair. She will retreat here at 1/4 health.
    Accidently falling into a hole uses up half a creature's movement.

  The area is deserted when the players arrive. Once the players fall into a hole or start searching through the debris piles in the area, the water hag come out of her lair by the commotion, and will ask in scrapey wicked witch Common, "Have Surface Dwellers come too see me." *CACKLE* "How Wonderful! Come closer, so I can feel your beauty." The Hag is using Illusory Appearance to hide her claws and mouth and dead eyes. Looks just like an old, wet dark-haired woman with a long crooked nose wearing seaweed. If a player approaches, she will encourage the player to come put their face in her hand so she may feel it and will then reach out a hand. If a player allows her to touch the face, they feel her real identity hidden under the illusion but it is too late. She will claw into their face to make it ugly [Automatic critical, and PC  now has claw marks running down a cheek (if playing with scars)]. The Hag will drop her Illusory Appearane after this.

  The Hag will scream and yell once combat starts, "I SHALL RID THIS WORLD OF YOUR BEAUTY! I CANNOT STAND IT!"

  When Combat begins, the Kuo-Toa Whips will jump out some holes on the opposite side of the party than the Hag.
  If the Kuo-Toa in the mansion are still alive, after a round of combat, the players will hear screaming in Undercommon coming from the mansion along the lines of "God is under attack. To Arms!"

  Hag's Lair
    Round Underwater Room. There's a bed made out of seaweed and debris. A grooming station. Debris scatters the rest of the area.
    The hag keeps a very lifelike statue of herself here made out of bone and seaweed and fish scales. It is hideous.
    Searching this room will reveal a small alcove hidden tucked behind her statue.
      Below a pile of slimey algae and god-knows what trash, lies the beautiful treasure.
      Roll on the Treasure Hoard Chart.
    When searching (aka have them roll investigate), an Investigate DC 15 will reveal Potion [of Growth] hidden under some of the debris.

----------------------------------------

  Journey back to the top [50 miles]. Get Crystal Eye to Reggie.
