Bandit         MM 343
Half-Ogre      MM 238
Riding Horses  MM 336

----------------------------------------

Reggie Royce
  Short cropped brown hair, very plain and tattered University of Alexandria Student Robes.
  Enrolled at the Unviersity to become a Wizard but allergic to the magical discharge that starts to form during spellcasting, so he always sneezes and messes up the spell.
  Nicknamed Reggie the Wedgie by many at the University.
  Constantly screams when scared and wets himself in especially scary situations.

Brandon & Barbara
  Elderly Innkeepers of the Best Buddies' Bed & Breakfast.
  Make a mean stew and tasty freshly baked bread.
  Love each other very much.
  Have children living in Alexandria.

Billy the Belly
  A Bandit who reports to the Blacktooth
  Not very nice.
  He has a big stomach.

Blacktooth Jr.
  Son of Blacktooth.
  Not very nice.
  Bosses Blockhead.

Blockhead
  A half-ogre.
  Listens to Blacktooth Jr.

Captain Randall
  Green Cloak.
  On Patrol with his Squad.
  Rangers are spread very thin, which is why Blacktooth goes uncaught. If only they had one more Squad to go after him. But if the party tells them they are being chased by the Blacktooths, then they will stay at the stone bridge to ambush any pursuers.

Sergeant "One Eye" Williams
  A scar goes across his left eye. The iris is a cloudy white and blind.
    The scar was made by someone that looks like someone in the party (usually of a different race).
  He power trips.
  Likes to goad people into commiting a crime, so he can throw someone in jail.

Blacktooth
  [Bandit Captain with Max Health MM 344] and guarded by two Berserkers (whom he calls his twin boys)
    Also guarded by Jr. and Blockhead
  Will only appear if the party goes to see him (usually Evil party).
  He tells them he needs someone unassociated with him to go into the city and decrypt this map, now that Reggie was dead. A fact he is not too thrilled about. He will pay the party well and also not kill them if they do this for him.

----------------------------------------

[Monday January 1, 2018 4PM. No sign of snow today.]
One after another, you all wake up and make your way into the common room of Best Buddies' Bed & Breakfast.
Best Buddies' B&B is a small Inn with a stone wall with a wooden gate running around it, and it is the only structure in sight.
Guy the Guide is whittling by the fireplace. The Innkeepers Brandon & Barbara are softly talking to each other giggling as they cook some delicious smelling stew.
Each Character is given a bowl of this soup. It is really delicious.
[Characters set their Last Meal to January 1, 2018 4PM].

[Have the Players describe their Characters and information about them they may have shared with the other Tattered Cloaks]

Multiple horns sound in the distance.

A couple minutes later another horn sounds, closer.

Guy to Brandon "Has Blacktooth been spotted in the area?"
Brandon "I dunno. I'm an old man who can barely remember the back of his own hand." He laughs at his own joke.

Barbara "Who's Blacktooth?"
Guy "A roving Bandit that's been pillaging the land and outwitting capture by the Green Cloaks. He is quite fond of using horns."

Another horn sounds really close. You start to hear what sounds like someone screaming, "AAAAAH" is coming closer and closer.

[Perception DC 10] You hear and see a human riding a horse. Then a rain of arrows collide into the pair. The horse collapses, and the man is thrown and lands prone.
The screaming stops.

A quarter of a minute later, the human gets up and starts running and screaming towards the Inn.

He sprints towards the Inn and slams the door shut behind him, then turns to face everyone in the room, while still screaming at the top of his lungs. [Enter Reggie], he has a very obvious wet patch on his robes and smells of amonia. He grabs a nearby chair and lodges it against the door.

Reggie: "By the 12, you must help! Please... Please! Will you aid a man in need?"

Reggie: "I need an protection for the journey to Alexandria."

Guy: "Who were you running from?"
Reggie: "People who want to kill me! Or worse!"
Guy; "WHO?"
Reggie: "The Blacktooth Bandits"
Guy: "Then you are already dead."

Reggie: "Not if we leave now! Except for the one I stole and rode here, I sent the rest of his horses running into the countryside. We just have to outrun his men."

----------------------------------------

Billy the Belly
  [Billy the Belly: Bandit with Max Health MM 343]
  [9 Bandits MM 343]

  [If a PC is looking outside, then he will see many humans wearing black leathers dashing down from a hill across the street that overlooked the road. 120 ft away]
  If these bandits arrive at the Inn, they surround it and stay on the otherside of the stone wall.

  Billy: "HEY, I'M BILLY THE BELLY. ME AND THESE LOUSY LOW LIFES WORK FOR BLACKTOOTH. ALL WE WANT IS REGGIE. HAND HIM OVER AND WE'LL LEAVE YOU IN PEACE. OTHERWISE WE'LL LEAVE YOU IN PIECES." Own-Joke-Laugheter.
  Reggie starts begging the PCs for his life and you can see the wet patch of his robes grow in size.
  Guy: "We should hand him over. It's the best option."
  Reggie: "Nooooooooooo!"

  Billy: "COME ON IN THERE. I'M GETTING IMPATIENT."
  If no one speaks up, Guy: "Alright, alright! I'm sending him out!"

  If Reggie is sent out, Billy: "HAND IT OVER". Reggie hands over a small metal tube. Billy looks inside. Billy: "Good". Billy kills Reggie.
  Billy turns back to the Inn, "RIGHT NOW YOU JUST HAVE TO COME OUT SLOWLY, PAY THE TOLL, THEN BE ON YOUR WAY"
    Guy: "Alright, this is our only move. We must surrender."
    Brandon and Barbara: "Oh, if you think so Guy. We'll go out with you."
    Persuasion DC to not go: Guy DC 20, B & B DC 10.
    Those who go out, Billy will demand the players to give him everything even the clothes on their back. Then, he and some men will hold them hostage. If there are non-hidden people in the Inn, Billy will threaten the lives of the hostages. If all the non-hidden people are hostage, a Bandit checks the Inn. If clear, then he will release the hostages and laugh as they run off naked.

----------------------------------------

To Alexandria
  [Blockhead: Half-Ogre MM 238]
  [Blacktooth Jr.: Bandit with Max Health MM 343]
  [3 Bandits MM 343]
  [4 Riding Horses MM 336]
  If Reggie is still alive, he says they party must cross as the Stone Bridge which is [18 Miles] by road or [7.5 Miles] when cutting through the Hilly Forest.
  Otherwise the PCs find out (from surving NPC or a signpost) that Alexandria is 24 Miles away by road.
  If they go through the Forest, then they must make Pathfinding checks unless Gus is still alive. Otherwise lose an hour.

  They party arrive at to a stone bridge 20ft wide 120ft long. It crosses over a deep ravine. A sign to Alexandria points across the bridge.
    Arrival Time        Who's on the bridge
      Before 10 PM        Cloaked figures holding torches are cross the bridge
      10 PM               When a 30ft across the bridge, you see hear the hoofbeats.
      After 10 PM         The Bridge is empty, but an Ambush awaits on the other side.

  The Bandits arrive on horseback and will ride down the party. Each pass, the horses must make a CON Saving Throw DC 20 (+1) otherwise they will collapse from exhaustion.
    Jr.: YOU CAN'T ESCAPE FROM ME! BLACKTOOTH JR. GET THEM BLOCKHEAD
    Blockhead: uhhhh ok boss

----------------------------------------

The Party must travel a final [6 Miles] before coming into full view of Alexandria. After an hour, they will start seeing other travels on the road as well as Blue Cloak patrols that ignore them.
[Describe Alexandria from the Outskirts] Then to party proceeds along a main road, which leads through the Sprawl, or the small cottages and houses built outside the wall. Guards patrol the main road, but do not venture further into the Sprawl.

The Gold Gate
  Reggie is very nervous because he does not do well answering questions.
  It is late at night and there is not much of line to get into the city. There looks to be a few minute weight. The Gold Gate was built for High Traffic flow, and there seems to be a few Guard Legions at the Gate.
  A Blue Cloak Private will stop them and ask them:
    What is your name?
    What is business brigs you to Alexandria?
  Then he will ask for the 1 CP entry fee. Each.
    NPCs will pay for themselves.
  After paying the Entry Fee, he will say, "Very Good, move along".

  As one of the party [One that is not Human or some other issue Sergent Williams does not like] steps past, Sergent Williams announces, "Not so fast."
    "I do not trust this [insert problem PC race]".
    Interrogation:
      "Why do you really want to enter my city?"
      "Are you smart enough to understand my laws?"
      "What contraband are you hiding?"
      "How long have the rest of you been traveling with this one?"
      "Why is " *points to Reggie* "he sweating so much?"
    "Alright, you may pass, but I'll be watching you. Stay out of trouble in my city. Or better yet, stay out of my city."

----------------------------------------

Merchants' Ward
  [Describe Merchants Ward]
  Reggie, who was absolutely useless at the gate, says, "Come I will take you to The Roasted Pig. You may rent rooms here for the night. I must continue on to the University so I can decrypt this Map that almost killed me. Leave word with the Porky *Points to the Bartender* where you end up renting rooms after tonight. I am sure I will need skilled help to discover whatever this map points to."
  Reggie: "You can also send a message to me at the University. Here is my address. *scribbles down an address on parchment and holds it out to the group*

  Reggie: "Talk to Porky for work. It will be a few days before I can decrypt the map. I am sure he has something for you, and he can give you a run down of the city."
  Reggie: "Oh, I almost forgot. Here:" *He dumps his coin purse on the table, exactly 1 GP per PC falls out* "Oh the perfect amount, how fortunate!"

  Reggie: "Goodbye, don't forget to let me know where you will end up."

